Spaghetti 1lb, ground beef, 16oz spaghetti noodles, 16oz italian sauce	Brown meat, add italian sauce and keep over heat until bubbling
Chicken Fajitas 1 onion, 2 bell peppers, 1/2 lime, 1/2 tbs chili powder, 1/2 tbs ground cumin, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1/2 tsp paprika, 1/4 tsp pepper, tortillas, pico de gallo, avocado, shredded cheese 	Mix all the dry spices then coat chicken breasts with olive oil and mixture in the instant pot bowl. Then, start your instant pot on "poultry" mode. Chicken should cook in 20 - 30 minutes total. While the chicken is cooking, saute bell peppers and onions in olive oil. When the chicken is almost done cooking, wet a paper towel and microwave tortillas for 30 seconds instide of paper towel. Serve with sliced avocado, bell peppers, diced onions, shredded cheese, and pico de gallo.
Pork Carbonara 	16oz linguine pasta, 1lb ground pork, 3 egg yolks, 6tbs parmesan
Thai Basil Chicken Stir Fry 	2 cups rice, 2 large chicken breast, 2 cloves garlic minced, 1 tbs thai chili, 2 tbsp olive oil, ½ onion sliced, 1 carrot (shredded), 1 tsp oyster sauce, 1 tsp sugar, 1 cup rice, handful of basil 	Cook rice. Cut chicken in bite size pieces, season with salt, pepper and olive oil and set aside. Saute garlic and chili then add chicken, wait a couple minutes, and add diced onion and carrots. Once chicken is fully cooked, add sauces and sugar. Serve on white rice with basil on top.
Chicken Pesto 	16oz linguine pasta, 1lb chicken breasts, 4-6oz pesto	Cook pasta. Season chicken with salt, pepper, olive oil, and italian seasoning. Either slice chicken into bite sized pieces and saute or cook in the instant pot using poultry mode. Once the pasta and chicken are done cooking, mix in with pesto and serve.
Chicken Curry 	1 cup basmati rice, 1.5 pounds chicken breasts, Salt and pepper, Garlic powder (3 cloves equivalent), 1 can tomato sauce, 1 tbs ginger, 3/2 tsp garam masala, 3/2 tsp chili powder, 3/2 tsp turmeric, 1 cup chicken stock, ½ cup heavy cream (or whole milk) 	Cook basmati rice. Mix all dry ingredients and coat chicken breasts. Cook chicken in instant pot in the tomato sauce and chicken stock. Serve chicken on rice and make sure to use the sauce leftover to drizzle on top.
Beef Tacos 	Flour tortillas, 1lb ground beef, Taco seasoning, Shredded cheese, Lettuce, Diced tomato 	Brown ground beef and season with taco seasoning. Microwave tortillas for 30 seconds inside a wet paper towel. Serve with Lettuce Tomato, and Mexican rice.
Sausage Pasta	16oz fettucine pasta, 4oz mushrooms, 8oz can of tomato paste, 4 sausages. 	Cook pasta, cut sausages and saute with mushrooms, once cooked through, put in tomato sauce and stopp cooking once bubbling. Serve on top of pasta.
Pork Chop Ramen 	2 packages of ramen, 2 pork chops 	Saute pork chops in butter, salt and pepper (usually 3-4 mins each side), until golden brown.
Chicken and rice 	1/2 tsp thyme, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp garlic powder, 1/4 tsp black pepper, 1/2 tsp parsley, 1/2 tbs creole seasoning, 1/2 tsp paprika, 1.5lb chicken, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup bell peppers, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 clove of garlic diced. 	Put chicken in bowl with olive oil, then coat with dry seasoning. Put bowl in fridge and let marinate for 30 minutes. Then, put chicken in instant pot and cook while cooking rice.